Mr. Xu, we didn't expect it either.
They will recover the lost data
We obviously destroyed it.
That's how efficient you are.
Can you do things?
What should I do if the company goes public soon?
Please give us some more time.
What's the use of giving you time
Let them find out it was me again?
Roll down yeah
This is Song Zeyu's company bill.
Please help check
He is embarrassed to come
So I brought you here.
It's not that I don't want to see you two brothers
Turn against each other?
Exciting eyes, I gave you the bill.
It means that I still trust you.
You help him
You know why we are like this
Because of me
Do you think you have been
Will we make up?